README.md, before:

# Jira Quick Info

[![Visual Studio Marketplace Version](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/pierre-payen.jira-quick-info?label=VS%20Marketplace)![Visual Studio Marketplace Installs](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/i/pierre-payen.jira-quick-info)![Visual Studio Marketplace Downloads](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/d/pierre-payen.jira-quick-info)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=pierre-payen.jira-quick-info)

[![Open VSX Version](https://img.shields.io/open-vsx/v/pierre-payen/jira-quick-info?label=Open%20VSX)![Open VSX Downloads](https://img.shields.io/open-vsx/dt/pierre-payen/jira-quick-info)](https://open-vsx.org/extension/pierre-payen/jira-quick-info)

Small extension to display a Jira's summary, status and owner in the status bar.
Clicking on it will open the issue webpage.

![Example Image](example.png)

## Requirement
You'll need to set up a Personnal Access Token to authenticate to Jira.
Look for more information in your Jira's profile.

# Changelog

## [0.0.2] 2024-07-21
- Added total number of attachments and comments on tooltip
- Renderer a mockup with issue ISSUE-1234

Commit message:

Display images in description, added a command to clean theses images

README.md, after:

# Jira Quick Info

[![Visual Studio Marketplace Version](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/pierre-payen.jira-quick-info?label=VS%20Marketplace)![Visual Studio Marketplace Installs](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/i/pierre-payen.jira-quick-info)![Visual Studio Marketplace Downloads](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/d/pierre-payen.jira-quick-info)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=pierre-payen.jira-quick-info)

[![Open VSX Version](https://img.shields.io/open-vsx/v/pierre-payen/jira-quick-info?label=Open%20VSX)![Open VSX Downloads](https://img.shields.io/open-vsx/dt/pierre-payen/jira-quick-info)](https://open-vsx.org/extension/pierre-payen/jira-quick-info)

Small extension to display a Jira's summary, status and owner in the status bar.
Clicking on it will open the issue webpage.

![Example Image](example.png)

## Requirement
You'll need to set up a Personnal Access Token to authenticate to Jira.
Look for more information in your Jira's profile.

# Changelog

## [0.0.3] 2024-08-07
- Download thumbnail to render them in the tooltip
- Added a command to erase the thumbnails from the disk
